---
title: Blog Fuze Boxes Lesson 1
layout: post
author: andrew.pimenta
permalink: xxandrew99.github.io
source-id: 1uL1sHpkDV6K-_47ynvF-bIZbFl49AIDyupjTA3-mifM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Fuse Boxes - Lesson 1</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>16/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>Introduced to the Equipment</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To have a go at making a program with the fuse boxes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td> Yes as me and my partner managed to save two sets of code which worked fully</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt that coding isn't actually to hard when you are given a really clear set of instructions and that is what I was given, which was really useful.

I found having a handbook with the instructions was effective as it was a clear way rather than the teacher explaining it and then after having to try and remember it afterwards. It was easier as the handbook gave you instructions you could look back on if you got confused.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Try and make sure I pick wisely and I look at the overall result clearly because otherwise if I didn't and there was one mistake which happened a few times that meant that the program wouldn't run properly so my main habit is not to rush and focus on what I need to do more carefully.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I would change the fact that I will bring in a Memory Stick to save it onto, and I will also slow down as code can be difficult sometimes, and make sure that everything is accurate before, rushing in hoping that it works.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


